♪ MTV
[Watkins] You are charged
with attempted bribery
of a federal agent.
How do you plead?
Not guilty, Your Honor.
Manfredi made bail.
Are you here to kill me?
I have more respect for you
than almost anyone
I've ever met.
Wait until you see
this new place, yo!
This is crazy. They got robots?
[Dwight] I might've stumbled
into an opportunity.
- I have a wind farm.
- That's free energy.
To power our own
hydroponic weed farm.
- The fuck is that?
- That's my cousin.
- He likes to be called Bigfoot.
- Bigfoot.
Free tomorrow night?
Fundraiser.
Sponsored by Cal Thresher.
- Who the fuck is Thresher?
- He runs the oil business
and he's the largest
weed distributor in Oklahoma.
[Thresher]
If I were you,
I'd stay in my own lane.
Is there a problem?
[Thresher]
Dwight Manfredi
set up shop here in Tulsa.
- So what?
- [Thresher] I thought this was
your territory.
People sense a power vacuum.
That's the word on the street.
[Chickie] We gotta
put these rumors to rest.
- Say hi to Jerry.
- Goodie!
Now say goodbye.
[gunshot]
[band playing Willie Nelson's
"Nothing I Can Do About It Now]
♪
♪ I've got a long list
of real good reasons ♪
♪ For all the things I've done
♪ I got a picture
in the back of my mind ♪
♪ Of what I've lost
and what I won ♪
♪ I've survived
every situation ♪
♪ Knowing when to freeze
and when to run ♪
♪ And regret is just a memory
♪ Written on my brow
♪ And there's nothing
I can do... ♪
Well, I guess I got to hit, huh?
That's what the book says.
Gimme a small one.
[laughing]
Aw, hell with it.
That's it for me.
Why they call it gambling, right?
Hope to see you soon, pal.
Sure thing.
♪ The song of the voice
inside me ♪
♪ Set to the rhythm
of the wheel ♪
♪ And I've been dreaming
like a child ♪
♪ Since the cradle
broke the bough ♪
♪ And there's nothing
I can do about it now ♪
♪ percussive, upbeat music
♪
♪ slow, atmospheric music
[Tyson grunting]
♪ I said, from Greenwood
♪ To Brady,
hear the echoes from the past ♪
♪ Black Wall Street was all
peace but now we let it blast ♪
♪ Count the feta fast,
I'm out to bet a ounce ♪
♪ Of Bodhi's stash like...
- Oh, that shit cr--
- [phone buzzing]
Oh, that shit crazy.
Yo. What's up, boss?
[Dwight]
How we looking out there?
Uh...
So, we got the Feds
across the street,
and we got reporters
waiting at the door for you.
You got fans today.
Okay, I'm coming out.
All right, all right,
let's do it.
[clamoring]
♪ percussive music
♪
[grunts]
How you doing, Tina?
- Hey, Pops.
- [chuckling] Oh, my God.
Can you get something
a little smaller?
I like it.
[engine revs]
[brakes squeaking]
[engine shuts off]
I probably shouldn't be
saying anything,
but the owner is very motivated.
The family literally just closed
on the sale
when the dad got transferred
to Seattle.
Mm. Are we talking
a two-year lease?
With an option to buy.
Pending HOA approval, of course,
which is, you know, a formality.
I'll give you a moment
to talk about it.
I have a call to return.
$6,000 a month.
Do you know how much this place
would be in New York?
No, not without bars
on the window.
No, it'd be, like, 25 grand.
I mean, this place is beautiful.
And five bedrooms, en suite?
- Mm.
- Boys would love the yard.
I don't know. I feel like
we should wait, you know?
Till after the trial.
No. No.
You got to think
on the brighter side.
Think about the meals
you'll be able to cook in here.
Yeah, I'm not really a cook.
Think about the meals you'll
be able to order in there.
Okay. Now you're speaking
my language.
[both chuckle]
Hey. You really like it?
I do.
- [chuckles] I do. I like it.
- That makes me happy.
Very happy.
Okay.
♪ upbeat music
♪
[shotgun blast]
- [shotgun blast]
- [clay shatters]
Nice.
[birds singing]
[Bevilaqua]
How was your trip to Tulsa?
[Art]
Place is run by Dwight Manfredi,
old-school skipper
with the Invernizzi family.
Out of New York.
- Talk to him?
- Wasn't really a chance.
Pit boss seems connected, too.
Few other guys around
for muscle.
They making good money?
Looks that way.
My fuckin' territory.
Trespassing sounds like a...
simple word.
But it's bad.
We need to fire
a warning shot in their heads,
make 'em aware?
I don't want any problems.
Point is,
we're four generations in.
These New York pricks
don't afford me so much
as a courtesy call.
[chuckles]
Much less ask for my blessing.
You see, this is how people
really get fucking hurt.
- [shotgun blast]
- [clay shatters]
[Thresher]
You know, most...
successful people have
a very keen sense of reality.
You can't just wake up
one fine morning and have it.
It's a sense
that you're born with
and you cannot buy it.
We know which way
the wind's gonna blow.
We can see things
before it has a chance
of growing out of proportion.
Some people have...
let's call it an aura
of being a potential problem.
Are we on the same page here?
I hope so.
Good.
This Manfredi,
yeah...
he's a misfit out here.
He's trouble.
I'm very well aware
of Dwight Manfredi.
I would think you would be,
being that you are
the U.S. Attorney.
And you do owe a few people,
by the way.
[chuckling]
I've always been appreciative
of what you've done for me
over the years.
Well, he's talking about
expanding his weed business.
You and your partner are the
biggest growers in the state.
Manfredi wouldn't be
a pimple on your ass.
I don't like it, Dylan.
Do I have to spell it out
for you?
He's moving
in the wrong direction.
And that's my direction.
I want him put away.
Understand?
He will be, Cal.
We have a very strong case.
"Very strong."
That's not a guarantee.
I'll personally oversee it.
Good.
♪ slow, pensive music
♪
What if we bribe a jockey?
Throw the race.
No, I tried that once.
Not reliable.
This guy agreed
to pull back on the reins,
- right?
- Mm-hmm.
So I bet everything on this nag.
I'm about to win a fortune.
But there was a small animal,
like a fucking mole
or gopher or some shit,
near the track
and the horse got spooked.
He ran like lightning.
Won by six lengths.
Damn.
- [horse neighs]
- [scoffs softly]
What about bustin' a horse nut?
What?
You know, man. Come on.
A little jizzgasm.
A little sperm.
We find us a champion horse,
whoop-whoop-whoop,
and then, you know,
we sell the juice
on the black market. Money.
Who's jacking off the horse?
I think Fred should.
[chuckles]
Ain't gonna be me.
I know it ain't gonna be you.
- [chuckles]
- Goddamn right.
All right, man, look, um...
I got something.
I know a guy who made...
coin off of boosting
those catalytic converters.
All that risk and for what,
a few hundred bucks a pop?
- I need real money.
- [scoffs] Man, look,
what if I told you I know a way
we can get
about a hundred of 'em?
- Almost no risk.
- [vehicle approaching]
[horse neighs]
Hold that thought.
All right?
[Dwight]
Man. I'm, like, seasick.
This seat is tight. Ack.
Like a premature burial.
Better than a cell.
But this car, it's too quiet.
- Well, you make up for that.
- [chuckles]
Wise guy.
Why don't you come outside
and enjoy yourself?
- It's, like, beautiful. Nature.
- Sorry,
motherhood calls.
But I'll see you later?
Uh, yeah, you will.
- Yeah. Hey, Tina.
- Yeah.
Maybe you ought
to water this thing.
- It might grow.
- Okay.
Thank you.
You got my stuff in the back?
- I got to change. Okay?
- All right.
I got you right now.
How you doing, Dwight?
Hey, hey, hey.
I didn't get my envelope
this week.
I know. I'm working on it.
- Yeah, work a little harder.
- I'm working on it.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Hey, Spencer.
- What's that horse's name?
- Horse.
- That's creative.
- I'm messing with you.
- It's "Cupcake."
- Cupcake?
- I like "Horse" better.
- [Margaret] Spencer.
- [Spencer] Yeah.
- We ever get a bid
from that feed supplier?
Yeah, the new guy said
five percent less.
When he calls back, tell him
at seven he's got a deal.
You got it.
What brings you to the ranch?
I heard this rumor that
a very unique woman works here,
so I thought I'd come by
and check it out for myself.
[chuckles]
Maybe you should ask her out.
I would. As soon as I get
a break in my schedule.
Oh. You're that much
in demand, huh?
Yeah, by the government.
You know, what can I tell you?
- Jesus.
- Mm.
I got an appointment
this afternoon.
I was wondering,
can I use your office to change?
Oh. Oh, I'm sorry.
My office is busy,
but, hmm, third stall
from the right's free.
[horse neighs]
♪ twangy music
Stall number three?
Yeah. Just, you know,
squeeze past the horse.
Okay, fine.
Well, I guess I'm back in
the shit again. How about that?
I'm kidding.
Please, use my office.
- Comedian now?
- [laughs]
Any motions,
administrative matters
- we need to deal with?
- No, Your Honor.
- No, sir.
- Mr. Manfredi,
I'm assuming you have counsel?
No, I'm gonna
defend myself, sir.
[Watkins]
Do you have legal training?
Well, I've had a lot
of experience with the law.
Meaning your dozens of arrests
and your 25 years
of incarceration?
Exactly.
You might say I've done a lot
of reading in the joint.
If a jury finds you guilty,
you could receive
up to ten years in prison.
I know.
And you'd still like
to represent yourself?
I would.
I expect you to be prepared.
You'll be treated the same
as any other attorney.
Yes, sir.
- Anything else?
- No, sir.
- [McGrath] Actually,
Your Honor?
I would like to make application
for a substitution
of counsel.
I'll be trying this case
personally.
May I ask why
the U.S. Attorney himself
would like
to try a relatively minor case?
With all due respect,
Your Honor, when it comes
to justice being served,
I don't believe
there's any such thing
as a minor case.
A real fucking Boy Scout.
- What did you say, Mr. Manfredi?
- I said...
what a Boy Scout.
Coming from my neighborhood,
that's a compliment,
so, no offense meant.
♪ playful string music ♪
[clears throat]
♪
Jury selection begins
next Tuesday.
I want a jury seated
as soon as possible.
Be honest.
Am I crazy for doing this?
[Joanne]
Of course not. He's your dad.
Yeah, I know he's my dad,
but upending my life, the kids?
[indistinct chatter on TV]
Plus, if he goes to jail,
then I'm stuck here.
Well, uh, is that
the worst thing?
From what you told me
about you and Emory,
maybe it's just what you need,
a fresh start.
Yeah, I guess so.
There is a standing offer
on the shop, so...
...guess I'll take it.
Mm, there you go.
Hey, uh,
do you want me to come out?
Would you?
Yeah.
Of course.
I'll just help you get settled.
Thank you so much, Auntie.
You have no idea
how much this means to me.
You know what? From the sound
of your voice, I think I can.
♪ "Can't Understand"
by Johnny Amoroso ♪
♪
♪ Each time I meet you
- ♪ I act like a fool...
- [distant siren wailing]
- He's calling, right?
- [machine whirring]
- Supposedly.
- [whirring stops]
Reached out to our friends
in Pelham Manor,
they reached out to the guy
on Sullivan Street.
- Et cetera, et cetera.
- Yeah.
I gave 'em Jerry's number.
Figured he ain't using it
anymore.
Smart.
[phone buzzing]
That him?
"Potential Spam."
They can't tell between spam
and potential spam?
A.I. my cock.
Fuck it, I'm gonna answer.
[phone beeps]
What kind of geese don't fly?
[Bevilaqua over phone]
Portuguese.
[mouths]
[mouthing]
B.B.
Chickie.
I want to pull on your coat
about something.
You know why I'm calling.
I know why you're not calling.
You're not calling
with condolences on my dad,
that's for sure.
Not at this late date.
Yeah, that's on me.
You're goddamn right it is.
My father was a boss.
In New York.
I heard from Cleveland,
Philly, New Orleans,
Providence, Boston.
Even the old country.
And you never called
to acknowledge
the new leadership.
Would that be you?
'Cause if it is,
let's cut through the bullshit
and get down to brass tacks.
- What tacks?
- You want to pretend?
You encroached on my territory.
I will exact a price.
♪ slow, dramatic music ♪
Tulsa.
Yeah.
Fucking Tulsa.
You want to complain to me
about protocol, man?
- Where do you get your balls?
- Hey.
It wasn't like you were doing
land-office business
over there in Indian Territory.
I'm done talking now, Chickie.
All right, all right.
Give me a day or two to counter.
[phone beeps]
- [sighs]
- What-what do you think?
I'm still heartbroken
over Jerry.
♪ rock music
♪
You come up with anything,
Bodhi?
So, I took the liberty of, um,
doing a little research
on jury selection.
It turns out there's
an algorithm that's used
for finding prospective jurors
that a lot
- of defense attorneys use.
- Like in a computer program?
- You've heard of computers?
- Yeah.
- Vaguely.
- Look at you.
Let's get you some glasses.
So, you input all the details
of the case,
and then it tells you
the kind of people
that you should be looking for
as jurors.
What I found
is that our ideal juror
is female, single,
uh, widowed or divorced,
age 35 to 67.
Sounds like a dating app.
People have met in weirder ways.
The thinking here is that women
will be more sympathetic
in a case that involves romance.
Romance?
Can you believe I've never been
accused of being romantic?
Yeah.
So, in this case,
I think we are going to want
to look for men
who have had minor brushes
with the law,
a lot of traffic violations
or something.
Men don't ever tend to think
it's their fault,
so they'll have a hard-on
for law enforcement.
Yeah, what the fuck is with men?
Forget men. Let's stick
with the women, all right?
We can't bank on them.
Bank on the women.
It's not an exact science.
Is there any news
on our wind farm?
Yeah, as a matter of fact,
there is.
I'm meeting
with the seller tomorrow.
Okay.
What do you know about
wind turbines?
[exhales]
I know they blow.
You know that, huh?
Well, actually,
they don't blow,
they're taking in the air
- and turning it into--
- Bodhi.
Yeah?
Nobody likes a fucking wiseass.
- Noted.
- [chuckles]
♪ Jordan
- ♪ Money 'pon top a money
- ♪ Money
♪ Me turn a likkle
inna couple mill ♪
♪ And if you make
some dutty money ♪
- ♪ Weh you do?
- ♪ Wash it and mek it clean
- ♪ Life sweet, must be honey
- ♪ Whoo...
What's the deal with this guy?
[Tyson]
This guy's
a fucking dickhead, man.
He wouldn't sell me a car,
called me a criminal.
So now you're proving him wrong
by stealing from him.
Oh, I see what you did there.
Okay.
All right, watch and learn.
One of you lifts the car,
the other one slides underneath.
♪ And me like
spend me own money ♪
♪ Dawg, we no beg sponsor...
[grunts]
♪ Me turn a likkle
inna couple mill ♪
♪ And if you make
some dutty money... ♪
[saw whirring]
- ♪ Life sweet, must be honey
- ♪ Whoo...
[grunts]
♪ Now a money 'pon
top a money... ♪
Voilà.
- 24 seconds.
- Nice.
And that is what we call
"gutting the cat."
I don't get why
this thing's so valuable.
'Cause in it is a filter
made of platinum.
Each one of these bad boys
is worth about 200 bucks,
maybe more.
- Sweet.
- [Mitch] Three groups,
we'll be out of here
in about an hour.
The SUVs and trucks don't need
to be accessed by jacks.
Me and Fred,
we'll take the trucks.
Grace and Clint, SUVs.
Me and Armand
will take the cars.
Let's go.
- ♪ Top a money
- ♪ Dollar, dollar, dollar bill
♪ Money, money...
[Fred grunting]
Maybe you should
just stand guard.
Cool.
♪ Jordan
♪ Patriots
♪ Ha
[phone buzzing]
Hello.
[Bridget over phone]
Mr. Manfredi?
Bridget Summers, KSJ Realty.
- How you doing, Bridget?
- I'm just calling
to say congrats, the lease
has been countersigned,
so we're all set there.
I also made arrangements
with your daughter
to drop off the keys
later this afternoon.
Oh, good, 'cause she's out
buying furniture right now.
[chuckles]
Well, that's the fun part.
See you around.
♪ slow, suspenseful music
So, yeah,
you're not the rugged type.
You're more of a luxury man,
I can tell.
See, you can't go wrong
buying American,
and these Chryslers, boy,
I got to tell you,
they're built to last.
2019 Chrysler 300.
Silver Mist.
Isn't that a pretty color?
How many miles on her?
Barely 40,000,
if you can believe it.
So, over 40.
But certified pre-owned.
- You mean "used."
- Very gently.
Inspected top to bottom
by our team of experts.
Just show me the car.
Yes, Mr. Severenson.
Those are real leather seats,
by the way.
You're about to hear
a kitten purr.
[engine sputtering, rattling]
That doesn't sound like
any kitten I've ever heard.
[engine shuts off]
Oh, no.
What's wrong?
Damn! Someone stole the cat.
What cat?
Goddamn! Damn.
♪ quirky music
[exclaims]
Oh, bite my ass to hell.
[gate buzzes]
Wow.
[laughs]
A visit from somebody
other than my lawyer.
How you doing, Harlan?
They're transferring me
to Marion.
It's, um, it's in Illinois.
I'm familiar with it.
Is it, like, a...
like a bad one?
They're all bad,
but you'll get through it.
I'm here to make you
a proposition.
I'd like to buy
your wind turbines.
W-Why?
'Cause I'm a businessman.
Hopefully with deep pockets.
[chuckles]
Being in here,
you're not exactly
in a prime position
to negotiate, Harlan.
No, I-- No, I get it.
But even at, like,
a deep discount,
that'd be, like, 12 million
just to finish building,
and the underlying property.
I mean, you start talking
about how much it costs
to run the place...
I offer 7.5.
Wait, what?
Seven and a half million dollars
buys a lot of security
and a lot of goodies
at the prison commissary.
Deal?
Good.
Don't gamble it all away.
We looked everywhere for you
because it was such a great
- experience last time, Jorge.
- [Jorge chuckles]
Congratulations. Nice place.
We wanted to, like,
make a loan
for seven and a half million.
Seven and a half...
Million.
Mr. Manfredi, I'm only allowed
to approve loans
up to $10,000.
Man, I thought you were
the vice president.
Assistant vice president.
Even still, 7.5 million?
- [Dwight] Mm-hmm.
- You're gonna have to speak
with my manager Karen.
Fine. Bring Karen.
Bring it on.
Karen, hi.
Is it possible for you
to drop by my desk?
She's on her way.
Hey, Jorge, y'all giving out
free shit out here?
Y'all look like y'all
living large, man.
My mama got a toaster
from Bank of America.
Um, you get a free coffee mug
when you open
a checking account.
And we have mouse pads.
I can get you a mouse pad
if you want.
I'm gonna need that coffee mug,
too, you know.
Christmas shopping?
I mean, it's free, man, come on.
You know I gotta do it, now.
You needed to see me, Jorge?
Yeah.
This is Mr. Dwight Manfredi,
and Tyson Mitchell, his partner.
Business partner.
They're looking for...
Seven and a half million, Karen.
Seven and a half million?
Yeah. Seven and a half million.
I have this idea
for a start-up company.
It's wind turbines,
clean energy.
Even though I like gas better,
but between you and me,
it's a good investment.
Uh, do you have
an account with us?
He has a debit card.
Oh, I see.
We're not a commercial bank,
Mr. Manfredi.
We do mostly home mortgages.
And in any case,
we're only certified
to approve business loans
up to three million.
I mean, that's a, that's a--
[both] That's a start.
That's a start.
Well, in that case,
we'll need a credit check,
income information,
detailed financial statements,
tax returns for the last
seven years,
as well as a crafted
business plan
outlining your operations,
market trends, competition,
financial projections,
and how you plan to use
the loan funds.
Karen, that's the longest "no"
I've ever heard.
I'm sorry, but we have to
follow the regulations set--
No, Karen, I understand.
But let me paint a picture
for you.
Thomas Edison--
a young Thomas Edison--
shows up here with a lightbulb
and goes, "You know, Karen,
I'd like to get a small loan
for a start-up company."
And you go,
"Oh, I don't know, Tommy.
That's not gonna work."
He goes, "But this lightbulb's
gonna change the world."
You go,
"Sorry, you don't qualify."
And you tell him to
hit the pike.
[scoffs]
Even Mr. Edison
would have to follow
the same regulations.
And we'd still be in the dark.
I'm gonna need a coffee mug.
Let's see that.
Check it out, check it out,
- check it out.
- Check it out.
I came here looking for
7.5 million,
and I leave with a fucking
coffee cup?
Very shrewd. Jesus.
[engine starts]
♪ jazzy music
♪
♪ Something good
♪ We're into something good
♪ This time we know
we could be... ♪
[knock on door]
Fuck.
[knocking continues]
All right, I'm coming.
Relax, relax.
- Who is it?
- [Joanne] It's me.
Joanne? What the hell
are you doing here?
Nice. Missed you, too, brother.
Uh, all right,
I'll get your bag, no problem.
Why are you here?
I'm done with New York.
Maybe New York is done with you.
Wiseass.
I spoke with Tina.
She told me about the new house.
The house is pretty nice.
How long are you planning
on staying?
Um, as long as you'll have me.
[laughs]
So, Tina also told me that
you don't have representation.
Is that so smart?
The last time I had
this high-priced lawyer,
and you know what I got?
Twenty-five years hard time.
So how bad can I do?
- Can't you make a deal?
- No, there's no deals.
- There's no deals.
- Oh, come on.
Pay a fine.
Plead to a lesser charge.
Would that be so bad
if you didn't serve
your whole sentence?
You left Tina once, Dwight.
You do it again,
she's gonna fall apart.
- How about a drink?
- Sure.
I just got this new stuff,
Italian vodka.
How about that?
- You'll probably love it.
- Mm.
[Dwight sighs]
You think this is gonna
shut me up?
Never, but we can only hope.
[chuckles]
It's almost good to see you.
♪ You are into something good
♪
- Breakfast is served.
- Mm.
Wait a minute, I ordered eggs,
not egg whites.
I'm just looking out
for your health.
At least the bacon is real?
It's turkey.
Bacon is pig, chocolate ain't
never gonna be white,
and eggs are always yellow.
And a cardiac arrest
is technically a rest,
but forever.
[sighs]
I'll eat later. Thanks.
[door opens]
[Bigfoot]
We're not open yet.
Come on, I'm not in the mood.
I need to see Mr. Manfredi.
Sure. Now let's see
if he needs to see you.
Hey, Donnie.
Bigfoot, it's okay.
Come on. Come on, Donnie.
The hell are you doing here?
Well, I got a bit
of a situation.
Somebody, or somebodies
stole the catalytic converters
from every vehicle on my lot.
Now, I have no idea who,
of course.
Did you call the cops?
The police have bigger fish
to fry.
But do you have insurance?
Yes, but even so,
it'll take weeks to restock
and replace the missing
converters.
Now, I can't have this
happen again. I'll go broke.
I understand that
the real problem is protection,
or lack thereof.
All right, what?
Donnie, in exchange
for protection,
you gift my daughter
and my sister a new car.
- Of their choice.
- Exactly.
Would certified pre-owned
be okay?
But there's nothing like
that new-car smell, Donnie.
Does this mean
I get my converters back?
I'm optimistic you'll get
some of them back,
and we will take care
of the thieves.
And I'm even gonna throw in
a couple of large dogs
for you to dump
in your yard at night.
- A couple of dogs?
- Yeah.
That ought to be helpful.
Th-Thanks, Dwight.
Hey, Mitch.
What's up?
Why don't we give this guy
at least half his stuff back?
After all that hard work? Why?
I feel bad for the guy.
He seems like a nice guy.
Hey, I'm a nice guy, too.
For this week.
Yeah, well,
keep it coming, Armand.
Aye aye, Captain.
[sighs]
Bigfoot.
You like egg whites?
Ooh, I love everything.
♪ I'm gonna be fine
this time next year ♪
Thank you.
Of course.
Nice office.
- Well, thank you. Have a seat.
- Sure.
[Dwight sighs]
What can I do for you?
I'm wondering if there's
a deal to be made.
What do you have in mind?
Hundred thousand dollar fine,
a hundred hours of
community service.
Supervised parole, say a year.
Add jail time.
No jail time.
[both chuckle]
Well, you're not exactly in a
very strong bargaining position.
Yeah, well, the judge said
this was a minor thing,
but between you and me,
it's pretty fucking major.
But think of the cost.
Court cost, the jury,
your staff...
The government has deep pockets.
- [phone chimes]
- [clears throat] Excuse me.
Sure.
♪ pensive music
♪
Sorry. Wife called.
[clears throat]
Where were we?
Are you doing this
for publicity,
or is there some other motive?
What are you implying?
Nothing.
[clears throat]
We all answer to someone,
Mr. Manfredi.
A deal without jail time
is a nonstarter.
A nonstarter?
See you around.
[power tools whirring]
[Mitch]
Mr. Shore?
Mitch Keller.
Dwight Manfredi sent me.
What can I do for you?
Well, for starters,
you can smile.
I come with good news.
We were able to retrieve
about half
of those catalytic converters
of yours.
- They're outside in my truck.
- Half?
[exclaims]
No need to thank me, Mr. Shore.
Though it wasn't easy,
truth be told.
The perps were some
rough hombres out of Stillwater.
Mm.
And how did they find their way
to my particular establishment?
You know,
there's just no telling
the criminal mind there, Donnie.
- Mm.
- It's a mystery.
I just love your TV commercials,
by the way.
They're a hoot.
Obviously, you've done
some professional acting.
Well, I played Nathan Detroit
in high school once.
See now, don't I got a good eye?
Well, thank you.
Hey, let me ask you something.
What's this business like?
- Car sales?
- Yeah.
Well, it used to be great.
- Wasn't everything?
- Then it all
went to hell
once people started being able
to look up the price
of everything on their phones.
Now, of course, you have
to sing for your supper.
But even still, it's a pretty
solid racket though, right?
Well, I suppose.
I mean, the automobile
is here to stay.
Why do you ask?
'Cause if you were ever
interested in selling,
I might know somebody who'd
present you with a proposition.
Huh.
Well, I'd be lying if I said
I wasn't intrigued.
The wife and I have been
talking about Florida.
Is that so?
Well, let's just leave it
there then, shall we?
All right.
I'll whisper it to a friend,
see if he nibbles.
In the meantime...
where would you like
those converters?
♪ "Move to the Beat"
by Ben Gidsjoy ♪
♪
♪ Yo, we only comin'
for the party, y'all ♪
♪
♪ One, two, three
♪ Who else could it be?
You know, it's amazing
how much shit
we used to get arrested for
- is now legal.
- It's crazy, man.
Pot, shoplifting, gambling,
cocaine. It's like...
Are you crazy?
Cocaine is not legal.
Cocaine? Come on.
Got 'em.
- [laughs]
- Oh, yeah. You got me.
Don't listen to him.
[Joanne]
All right, listen. Anyways.
Congratulations,
this fucking place is amazing.
And look at this turnout.
Especially when you give away
free samples.
Ooh, this is my kind
of hors d'oeuvres.
Hey, wait a minute.
Try the "lolli-wap."
It'll make you a nicer person.
Oh, look who's talking.
[laughs]
They'll make you a nicer person.
Listen, I got to go
sign some checks.
[Joanne]
All right.
Oh, the app is really
blowing up.
You got an app?
Yeah, Chat CBD.
What's Chat CBD?
It's an interactive
curatorial program
to perfectly pair
the person with the plant.
[laughing]
What's so funny? That's...
We're a lifestyle brand
now, guys.
You are.
Come in.
How you doing, Grace?
You got to see this.
[giggles]
See what?
What's this guy's name again?
I've told you a million times,
it's Jelly Roll.
Jelly what?
I've never heard of him.
Jelly Roll. Jelly Roll.
[clamoring]
What's the problem?
- Oh, there's no problem.
- Oh.
Huh. Hey, how you doing?
Man, I'm doing great.
How are you?
You're, uh...
Jelly Fish, right?
[chuckles] You're close.
It's Jelly Roll.
- Oh, no.
- [laughter]
- How you doing, Jelly Roll?
- What's up?
Listen, uh,
you look really familiar.
Were you ever in the joint?
Actually, I was.
I was, back in Nashville.
Was you in Tennessee?
No, that ain't it at all.
So, what're you doing in Tulsa?
Oh, I'm workin'.
I got a gig at the BOK Center
tomorrow night.
Yeah, what are you?
Head of security?
[chuckles]
No, I'm actually a janitor.
- Come on.
- Just trying to make
- a better life, you know.
- Hey, that's hard work,
but, you know,
you got good benefits.
Yeah, and we also get
a lot of cool stuff
people leave on the floor
after a concert.
- [chuckles] Got it.
- Speaking of,
I got to go in here
and tidy up right quick.
Are you a singer? You're not
gonna try singing, are you?
Yeah, I mean,
how hard could it really be?
This guy's a little delusional.
Speak for yourself.
[whooping, cheering]
Hey, y'all, we're gonna
take it from the top.
- Yep, yep.
- Cool, perfect. Let's go.
[Jelly Roll's
"I Am Not Okay" playing]
♪ I am not okay
♪ I'm barely getting by
♪ I'm losing track of days
♪ And losing sleep at night
♪ I am not okay
♪ I'm hanging on the rails
♪ So if I say I'm fine
♪ Just know I learned
to hide it well ♪
♪ I know I can't be
the only one ♪
♪ Who's holding on
for dear life ♪
♪ But God knows, I know
♪ When it's all said and done
♪ I'm not okay
♪ But it's all gonna be
all right ♪
♪ But it's not okay
♪ But we're all gonna be
all right ♪
Yeah, that was perfect.
Thank you, man.
[laughing]
[cheering and applause]
[indistinct chatter]
Oh, that was
surprisingly excellent, man.
[laughs]
Thank you. If you think
that was something,
you should see what I can do
- with a mop, baby.
- [Dwight] Oh.
Was I played? I was...
you fucking guys played me.
There was a little bit
of an egg on your face there.
Oh, man.
- A little egg on my face.
- [laughing]
♪ jazzy music
♪
[Tyson]
Yeah.
No, uh...
All right, all right, okay.
All right. Thank you. Thank you.
That was, uh,
Jake over at the Mayo.
He said reporters still waiting
outside the hotel.
Oh, shit, give me a break.
[scoffs]
Tell me about it.
Can you find another hotel?
Just look around.
I mean, the rodeo in town.
I mean,
hotels kind of full today.
Just drive in circles,
you'll find something.
- Okay, okay.
- I think.
I got an idea.
♪
- [Angie] Mr. Manfredi?
- Mm?
Tyson says you like pancakes,
is that true?
Yeah, I do. Thanks.
They'll be ready in ten minutes.
Thank you.
[groans]
- [lawnmower engine running]
- [exhales]
- [dog barking]
- [sighs]
[sighs]
Hey. Morning.
Grand rising, boss man.
- How you doing?
- [Dwight] Uh, good.
Next time, I think I'll wear
my own suit to bed.
Mark, I want
to thank you very much
for allowing me to stay
in your daughter's room.
Mm-hmm.
You're living large, I see.
Looks bad, Tyson.
Dad, don't believe
everything you read.
Yeah, just read the good parts.
Those parts seem to be missing.
[Angie]
Blueberry pancakes
with a side of well-done bacon.
Well, this thing should be
hanging in the Louvre.
[chuckles] You know.
I get egg whites?
They're healthier.
[sighs]
Time for real work.
♪ pulsing music
♪
[phone buzzing]
You sure you want to talk
on this line?
[Chickie over phone]
Hear me out.
You have some answering
to do first.
Jerry was a friend of ours.
Hey, I had my reasons, okay?
Opinion don't matter no more.
You fucking defected.
What do you want, Chickie?
K.C. You familiar
with these guys?
Bevilaqua? I heard the name.
Well, you're gonna be hearing t
a lot more.
They don't fuck around
and their position is
that Dwight's on their turf.
Well, speaking for Dwight,
his position is
they can go fuck themselves.
[sighs]
You're too smart to be cavalier
in the face of this threat.
Now, listen to me carefully.
I'm throwing in with K.C.
and I suggest you do the same.
Together we're gonna
take back what's ours.
- Tulsa.
- Exactly.
[scoffs softly]
What's in it for me?
You get to stay alive,
for starters.
You help us take out Dwight,
and you get to run Tulsa,
reporting to me
and our friends in Kansas City.
I do kind of like it out here.
That a yes?
It ain't a no.
I'll be in touch.
[phone beeps]
♪ atmospheric music
♪
♪ "I Am Not Okay"
by Jelly Roll ♪
♪
♪ I am not okay
♪ I'm barely getting by
♪ I'm losing track of days
♪ And losing sleep at night
♪ I know I can't
be the only one ♪
♪ Who's holding on
for dear life ♪
♪ But God knows, I know
♪ When it's all said
and done ♪
♪ I'm not okay
♪ But it's all
gonna be all right ♪